General api overhaul (#324)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast.md

# COVIDcast Epidata API

> This is the documentation for accessing Delphi's COVID-19 indicators, an (`covidcast`) endpoint of [Delphi](https://delphi.cmu.edu/)'s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the documentation for accessing Delphi's COVID-19 indicators via the `covidcast` endpoint of [Delphi](https://delphi.cmu.edu/)'s
```

You should specify only one of these three parameters in any given query.

> **Note:** Each issue in the versioning system contains only the added or updated records during that time unit; we exclude records whose values

Reviewer: (during modifies added/updated, not records)

```suggestion
**Note:** Each issue in the versioning system contains only the records added or updated during that time unit; we exclude records whose values
```

**Note:** `result` code 2, "too many results", means that the number of results
you requested was greater than the API's maximum results limit. Results will be
returned, but not all of the results you requested. API clients should check the

> results code and consider breaking up their requests across multiple API
> calls, such as by breaking a request for a large time interval into multiple
> requests for smaller time intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results code and consider breaking up requests for e.g. large time intervals into multiple
API calls.
```
